assets/docs/devel/en-US/how-to-contribute.md, before:

# How to Contribute

Shenma is an open-source project developed and maintained by a community of friendly users, contributors, committers, and Project Management Committee (PMC) members.

Everyone is welcome to join and contribute to the project in various ways beyond code contributions. Contributions such as reporting issues, identifying bugs, proposing new features, improving documentation, enhancing the website, organizing events, or writing blog posts are all welcomed and acknowledged.

This document serves as a guide for new community members to start contributing to the Shenma project.

## Reporting Issues

First, ensure the issue has not already been reported by searching through [Issues](https://github.com/zgsm-ai/costrict/issues) on GitHub.

If you cannot find an open issue addressing the problem, you may [create a new Issue](https://github.com/zgsm-ai/costrict/issues/new/choose). Include a title and clear description, as much relevant information as possible, and a code sample or executable test case to help other maintainers reproduce the issue.

## Contribution Workflow

The Shenma project follows the GitHub Forking workflow:
[Shenma Contribution Process](./fork.md)

## Commit Message Conventions

The project adheres to Angular conventions:
[Shenma Commit Message Guidelines](./commit-message.md)

Commit message:

update: update shenma to costrict (#290)

assets/docs/devel/en-US/how-to-contribute.md, after:

# How to Contribute

Costrict is an open-source project developed and maintained by a community of friendly users, contributors, committers, and Project Management Committee (PMC) members.

Everyone is welcome to join and contribute to the project in various ways beyond code contributions. Contributions such as reporting issues, identifying bugs, proposing new features, improving documentation, enhancing the website, organizing events, or writing blog posts are all welcomed and acknowledged.

This document serves as a guide for new community members to start contributing to the Costrict project.

## Reporting Issues

First, ensure the issue has not already been reported by searching through [Issues](https://github.com/zgsm-ai/costrict/issues) on GitHub.

If you cannot find an open issue addressing the problem, you may [create a new Issue](https://github.com/zgsm-ai/costrict/issues/new/choose). Include a title and clear description, as much relevant information as possible, and a code sample or executable test case to help other maintainers reproduce the issue.

## Contribution Workflow

The Costrict project follows the GitHub Forking workflow:
[Costrict Contribution Process](./fork.md)

## Commit Message Conventions

The project adheres to Angular conventions:
[Costrict Commit Message Guidelines](./commit-message.md)
